I
hi everyone this is Kara heads I am a
2000 Olympian in the sport of Olympic
style wait one thing here's my major
frustration everybody everyone thinks
that Olympic style weightlifting is so
difficult and honestly it's not that
difficult I think peoples are fast
forward for thinking if I were to do
Olympic weightlifting I would have to
lift the amount of weight that those men
and women in the Olympic lifts and yes i
can put 280 pounds over my head but you
don't have to lift that much weight to
have a fit tone body and into and to
enjoy the olympic list in fact i am
going to teach some person off the
street i have no idea who yet but that's
the challenge to teach someone off the
street how to do an Olympic lifts in
five minutes and i'm going to show you
all right so first step i'm going to go
into this hardware store across the
street get a PVC pipe and then find
somebody off the street and teach them
how to do an Olympic lifts in five
minutes all right
okay so we have our cruising speed bag
it's actually actually in one long piece
okay i think it was 299 so i can get
tense i could get to subject everyone i
found
for the challenge I just
I'm sorry
I've been in psych teacher
perfect
you
I'm wearing gotta come out it really
works pretty much everything their arms
they heard your stomach your butt
because you have to stick it out I was
talking from my bag too so I sure yeah
so do you think you guys are something
new today that's right how did the
Olympic list in five minutes okay